> User stories thing-- step by step of what the user should experience
> what new things did you learn?
> design process
> what was the biggest challenge
> summarize the big mechanic
> photo of the wireframe skethces????

>probably, go to office hours for guidance on readme

>read the assignment itself over and over for all those little specifics they want

>script your presentation!!!!!

>assessment will inlcude getting input from a from


------

Things to put in options:
    - turn "highlight possible captures" on and off
    RESOLVED

-during "must flip", needs some kind of "cannot play piece here" alert
RESOLVED.

-in "capturePossbile" : need to fix the point where alert fires off
    > tiny delay, like 1 millisecond, will be enough to make sure the alert appears
       AFTER the previous turn's move appears on the gameboard  
RESOLVED.

- insert the if statements for 'classic' and 'gameOn' booleansc
RESOLVED;

{
- something the "show possible captures" button does is interfering
    with the ability to start a new game in Classic mode. but it only happens sometimes.
    the error seems to be that capturePossbile is sending out pings
    that assume white tiles are enemies, despite it being White's turn
    turn switch is forced to true when a new classic game starts,
    so is it even possible that turnswitch is the problem?

    inversePing uses turn switch to determine which tiles are friends or enemies.
    is this the source of the error?
}
RESOLVED: it was a typo in the resetBoard() function-- 'turnswitch' was misspelled,
and thus never actually reset. Haaaaa.

The possibility of AI:
    - the solution begins with detaching the .space class' on-click event
    and making it a separate function. That way, said function could be called
    by BOTH the on-click of .space, AND  by whatever is controlling the computer
    opponent's moves.

ANIMATION WORKS PERFECTLY

DETECTING WIN/LOSE

- EASY: when the board is filled, whomstever has more tiles wins!

- HARD: when both players have no valid moves left, whoever has more tiles wins

----
Presentation Notes:

> I concieved of the endCounter like a deuce in tennis-- where it has to happen
    twice in a row to get to the end state, and gets reset if it doesn't.

> Ping system

> How is the win state detected?

> Showcase all possible error messages!
